Rough outline of general v12 blog post (#1130)
rescript-association/rescript-lang.org: markdown-pages/blog/release-12-0-0.mdx

Earlier versions bundled these files inside the `rescript` package and exposed an optional `@rescript/std` helper.
ReScript 12 removes `@rescript/std`; install `rescript` and `@rescript/runtime` together to keep projects in sync.
Projects that previously published custom runtime shims should revisit their setup to ensure the new package structure remains discoverable.

### Updated bitwise operator surface

Legacy OCaml-style bitwise functions such as `land`, `lor`, and `lsl` are deprecated.
They continue to work in v12 with warnings but will be removed in v13.
ReScript now prefers unified operator syntax: `&&&`, `|||`, `^^^`, and `~~~` cover AND, OR, XOR, and NOT for both `int` and `bigint`.

### API naming alignment

APIs that previously ended with `Exn` now end with `OrThrow`.
Examples include `Option.getOrThrow`, `List.headOrThrow`, `BigInt.fromStringOrThrow`, and `JSON.parseOrThrow`.
The change clarifies that these functions throw JavaScript errors, aligning the naming with the language’s semantics.
The deprecated `*Exn` variants remain available in v12 to ease the transition, and the codemod bundled with the migration tool can perform a mechanical rename.

> Be aware that `Result.getOrThrow` now throws a JavaScript `Error`, so update any exception handling logic that depended on OCaml exception names.

Reviewer: @nojaf sorry I missed that notification.
``````suggestion
Note that `Result.getOrThrow` now throws a JavaScript exception, so please update any exception-handling logic that relied on OCaml exception names. We also revamped the API around JS exceptions and errors.

We’ve renamed JS errors to `JsError.t` to better distinguish them from the `Result.Error` variant. Since JavaScript allows throwing anything (not only proper Error objects), the previous way of catching JS exceptions was unsafe:
```res
let foo = switch myUnsafeJsResult() {
| exception Exn.Error(e) => Error(e->Error.message)
  // ☝️ this will crash if `e` is undefined or null,
  // or return undefined if `e` has no `message` property
| myRes => Ok(myRes)
}
```
Additionally, the coexistence of `Result.Error` and the `Error` module caused confusion.

The new recommended pattern is:
```res
let foo = switch myUnsafeJsResult() {
| exception JsExn(e) => Error(e->JsExn.message->Option.getOr("[no message]"))
| myRes => Ok(myRes)
}
```
Utility helpers for working with JS errors are now in `JsError`, eg:
```res
JsError.throw(JsError.RangeError.make("the payload should be below 16"))
```
``````
What do you think?
